README.md, before:

aframe-obj-tetra
==

Example OBJ file with material displayed using A-Frame.

## Live demo:

* https://mitchallen.github.io/aframe-obj-tetra/

* **desktop** - use mouse / trackpad and arrow keys to move around
* **mobile** - use motion to pan around

## Usage

On a Mac:

```sh
python3 -m http.server 8000
```

Then browse to:

* http://localhost:8000/

* * *

## tetrahedron.obj

```obj
# tetrahedron.obj
# Author: Mitch Allen

mtllib colors.mtl

v 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000
v 1.000000 0.000000 0.000000
v 0.500000 0.866000 0.000000
v 0.500000 0.288700 0.816500

usemtl green1
f 3 2 1

usemtl red1
f 1 2 4

usemtl blue1
f 2 3 4

usemtl purple1
f 4 3 1
```

* * *

## colors.mtl

```mtl
# colors.mtl 
# Author: Mitch Allen

newmtl red1
Ka 1.000 1.000 1.000 # Ambient color
Kd 1.000 0.000 0.000 # Diffuse color (red)
Ks 0.000 0.000 0.000 # Specular color
Ns 10.000             # Specular exponent

newmtl green1
Ka 1.000 1.000 1.000 # Ambient color
Kd 0.000 1.000 0.000 # Diffuse color (green)
Ks 0.000 0.000 0.000 # Specular color
Ns 10.000             # Specular exponent

newmtl blue1
Ka 1.000 1.000 1.000 # Ambient color
Kd 0.000 0.000 1.000 # Diffuse color (blue)
Ks 0.000 0.000 0.000 # Specular color
Ns 10.000             # Specular exponent

newmtl purple1
Ka 1.000 1.000 1.000 # Ambient color
Kd 1.000 0.000 1.000 # Diffuse color (blue)
Ks 0.000 0.000 0.000 # Specular color
Ns 10.000             # Specular exponent
```

Commit message:

feat: added shell script to run on a Mac

README.md, after:

aframe-obj-tetra
==

Example OBJ file with material displayed using A-Frame.

## Live demo:

* https://mitchallen.github.io/aframe-obj-tetra/

* **desktop** - use mouse / trackpad and arrow keys to move around
* **mobile** - use motion to pan around

## Usage

On a Mac:

```sh
python3 -m http.server 8000
```

Or use the provided shell script:

```sh
./run.sh
```

Then browse to:

* http://localhost:8000/

* * *

## tetrahedron.obj

```obj
# tetrahedron.obj
# Author: Mitch Allen

mtllib colors.mtl

v 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000
v 1.000000 0.000000 0.000000
v 0.500000 0.866000 0.000000
v 0.500000 0.288700 0.816500

usemtl green1
f 3 2 1

usemtl red1
f 1 2 4

usemtl blue1
f 2 3 4

usemtl purple1
f 4 3 1
```

* * *

## colors.mtl

```mtl
# colors.mtl 
# Author: Mitch Allen

newmtl red1
Ka 1.000 1.000 1.000 # Ambient color
Kd 1.000 0.000 0.000 # Diffuse color (red)
Ks 0.000 0.000 0.000 # Specular color
Ns 10.000             # Specular exponent

newmtl green1
Ka 1.000 1.000 1.000 # Ambient color
Kd 0.000 1.000 0.000 # Diffuse color (green)
Ks 0.000 0.000 0.000 # Specular color
Ns 10.000             # Specular exponent

newmtl blue1
Ka 1.000 1.000 1.000 # Ambient color
Kd 0.000 0.000 1.000 # Diffuse color (blue)
Ks 0.000 0.000 0.000 # Specular color
Ns 10.000             # Specular exponent

newmtl purple1
Ka 1.000 1.000 1.000 # Ambient color
Kd 1.000 0.000 1.000 # Diffuse color (blue)
Ks 0.000 0.000 0.000 # Specular color
Ns 10.000             # Specular exponent
```
